BlazeandCave's Advancements Pack
Version 1.6.2

By BlazeandCave

Thank you for downloading this advancements pack by BlazeandCave.
If you liked or have any ideas for other advancements that could be added to this pack (or found any issues) feel free to comment.

Please use Minecraft 1.14.3 for this version. The pack may or may not continue to work properly in future versions.

--- Installing: ---
1) Unzip the compressed folder that you downloaded.

2) Copy the folder labeled "bac_advancements". Paste it into the following folder directory in the world you want to install them in: <World name>/datapacks. 

3) Go into the world. To make sure the advancements properly installed type in "/advancement grant @p only". You should see the auto-completion containing a really long list of custom advancements.
Also, a message should pop up saying you are using BlazeandCave's advancements pack.


--- Using the advancement scoreboard: ---
As of version 1.5.1, each advancement triggers a function that adds one to a scoreboard labelled "Advancements", so this scoreboard counts how many advancements each player on a world has obtained.
You can get the scoreboard to show up on the sidebar using the following command:
/scoreboard objectives setdisplay sidebar Advancements

Or on the player list that shows up when you press tab:
/scoreboard objectives setdisplay list Advancements

Please note that due to the way advancements and functions work, if a non-opped player gets an advancement they won't actually trigger any function rewards, so the scoreboard won't count for non-opped players on a server. However, you can fix this using the following command, which runs a special function that updates the scores for every player currently online.
/function bc_rewards:update_score

You can also use the function to update the score of every player on a world that ran the 1.5 version of the advancements pack or earlier.


--- Turning on reward functions: ---
Reward functions give you item or experience rewards upon completing some advancements. By default they are turned off. To turn them on enter the following command:
/scoreboard players set Reward Reward 1
To turn them off enter this command:
/scoreboard players set Reward Reward 0


--- Updating to newer versions: ---
The Advancements Pack will undoubtedly be updated to be fixed for later versions or to add more advancements or fix bugs. In order to update, simply delete the datapack from your world, then copy and paste the new datapack folder in. Please note that when you re-enter your world some or all of the advancements you have already obtained you may need to obtain again due to changes in advancement structure.


--- Using the Language Pack: ---
As of version 1.3.1, BlazeandCave's Advancements Pack has support for translation into other languages through use of the BACAP Language Pack, which can be downloaded from the link on the Planet Minecraft page. When using it, you may choose any language that the Advancement Pack supports and it will change the names and descriptions of all of the advancements into that language.
In Language Pack version 1.6 the following languages are supported, and we hope to add more in the future:
- Pirate Speak (PIRATE)
- LOLCAT (Kingdom of Cats)
- Espanol (All denominations, only advancements up to 1.3.1)
- Russian
- Japanese
If you want to help us translate, you can download the base language file off of GitHub, translate it, then send it back to us. More details on how to do that are on the Planet Minecaft page.
If you are running a server with version 1.3.1 or higher, please note in the description that it supports translation using the BACAP Language Pack, and provide a link to the Planet Minecraft page.



--- What you may do with these advancements: ---
You may freely use them to play your worlds. This includes singleplayer worlds, LAN worlds with friends, or even public multiplayer servers. If you use our advancements on a public server please credit us in the server's description and leave a link to the Planet Minecraft page.

Do not re-upload our advancements and claim them as your own.

You may record a Youtube series where you use these advancements in your survival world. If you do, please credit us in the video or in the description, and leave a link to the Planet Minecraft page. And message us, too. We'd love to see you play with them.

And remember to pronounce our names right! Cavinator1 is cave-in-eight-or and MichaelMKenny is michael-em-kenny.


--- Troubleshooting: ---
We are aware of a number of issues involving installing advancements, particularly if you try to install them on servers. We are no experts on servers, but here are a few questions we've been asked and how they were solved:

- The scoreboard is not working:
Type in these commands:
/scoreboard players objectives add Advancements dummy
/function bc_rewards:update_score
/scoreboard objectives setdisplay sidebar Advancements

- Rewards are not given:
Remember they are not enabled by default! Type in these commands to turn them on:
/scoreboard players objectives add Reward dummy
/scoreboard players set Reward Reward 1
If you are on a server and are positive you installed the rewards correctly, this would likely be occurring due to permissions because, sadly due to the way advancements and functions work, if a non-opped player gets an advancement they won't actually trigger any function rewards.

- The advancements screen has the message "There doesn't seem to be anything here...": (Older version)
This is because you haven't unlocked any yet.
Note that as of Pack version 1.4, the Beginning tab now unlocks automatically upon starting a new world, so this should not happen at all.

- The custom advancements are plain not showing up:
If the above didn't work, any number of things could be happening to cause this to happen. Try restarting the server or using the /reload command.
If you're using a spigot server, the vanilla command /reload won't work, instead type in the server's console minecraft:reload (without the backslash).
Remember when placing the advancements into your world's folder, you have to paste the "bac_advancements" folder into the following folder directory: <World name>/datapacks.
Do NOT copy them into plain <world name>/advancements - that's the folder that contains player files (i.e. a list of each player and what advancements they have gotten), not the advancements themselves.

- The server console is spammed by messages saying for example "Couldn't load advancement minecraft:story/iron_tools":
This is because all the vanilla advancements are forced to not appear, instead only our own advancements in our own tabs appear (which contain both original new advancements and advancements that look like the vanilla ones but are actually in new files). While this causes these errors to appear in the server log, it's nothing to worry about.
As of Pack version 1.4 this should not happen anymore.


--- Known bugs: ---
These bugs are all caused because of problems with Minecraft. These are not our fault - our syntax is correct, it's just that Minecraft has problems.
- A bug exists where the location trigger is inconsistent with detecting some structures like Igloos, Underwater Ruins, Shipwrecks, or Woodland Mansions, so as a result, "Secret of the Igloo", "Atlantis", "Get Ship-rekt!", "Titanic" and "House of Psychos" are unobtainable.
Some structures like Nether Fortresses, Pyramids and Jungle Temples appear to all work without any problems.
https://bugs.mojang.com/browse/MC-129491
Sometimes if you find one of these structures and build up to y=90 roughly, above the structure it will give you the advancement.

The following commands will grant you these advancements.
/advancement grant @s only blazeandcave:adventure/secret_of_the_igloo
/advancement grant @s only blazeandcave:adventure/atlantis
/advancement grant @s only blazeandcave:adventure/get_ship_rekt
/advancement grant @s only blazeandcave:adventure/titanic
/advancement grant @s only blazeandcave:adventure/house_of_psychos


If your question is not answered here or our advice doesn't work for you, you could try messaging us your problem, and we may be able to help you. Or try searching on Google for advice on how to fix these problems.


--- How you may contribute to our pack: ---
Have any ideas for advancements you'd like to see in the pack? We're open to suggestions, so if you have any ideas, be sure to comment or send us a private message and we'll see if we can add it. Do note that not all suggestions may be possible to add due to limitations in advancement coding.
If you want to help us translate, you can use the base language file that comes with the BACAP Language Pack, translate it, then send it back to us. More details on how to do that are on the Planet Minecaft page.



--- List of advancements: ---
We challenge you to get all 609 advancements. :) Or at least as many as you can.

View the list of advancements here:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14eHlVSyxDqh8XFjn6MVUEO_T9WgtKAiErdFP_dvEmwg/edit?usp=sharing





